Firstly start TensorBase FE server (upper, use port 9528) and ClickHouse server (lower, use default port 9000)
Then use ClickHouse client to connect to
TensorBase FE server (upper) and ClickHouse server (lower)
Note ClickHouse client has prompted different server side infos
TensorBase FE (upper) and ClickHouse (lower)
Let do some metadata managements
Try system.numbers as a low-hanging fruit
TensorBase FE (upper) and ClickHouse (lower)
Note, the result correctness could be verified as well
Use table trips_lite_n10m to demo csv data importing from clickHouse-client
You can use the same command to ingest to TensorBase FE like in ClickHouse
Let's do some real world queries against TensorBase FE (upper) and ClickHouse (lower)
Let's see an ad-hoc change.
TensorBase FE (upper) and ClickHouse (lower)